Title - Kiss all the Time. Disco, ocassionally - Harry Styles
- 8.5/10
- I think this album is a really great example of individually good songs making a great album. This is the kind of 
project that I really enjoy because of the artistry. There is a cohesive story about someone falling in love and perhaps not getting his happy 
ending, finishing with advice to seemingly themself. Whether this is a self insert or not, I think everyone can relate to the emotions in the album. Mostly up-beat to otherwise harrowing lyrics 
("Do I let you down? Holding, Holding out, hoping that you will love me now" -*Season 2 Weight Loss*) keeps it replayable and not too intense. And all the while there is a 
quiet musicianship that I think might be lost to a lot of casual listeners. What I mean by that is that none of the music is terribly complex, and no one is doing any crazy riffs (except whoever had 
the disgusting guitar riff in *Pop*), but there is a lot of intentionality in the small things. The basses in *Coming Up Roses* being slightly ahead of the beat tp keep you on your toes, 
his trademark harmony style, and the vocal textures he displays are some examples.

Like I said, a lot of songs on this record are a little mundane and frankly forgettable sometimes. Having said this, no song on the album is below a 
7 for me. *Taste Back*, *Waiting Game*, and *Carla's Songs" are some of these songs for me, individually 8's imo, ballads that I will definitely listen to if I am in the mood. 
But if I was asked right after the album to name all the songs and hum a bar, those two would be difficult. Calling them forgettable is a bit harsh, 
but I think it is both on purpose and a product of Harry's vocal texture; the wispy, dreamlike qualities can blend together when the song is a 
slower ballad. Which works really well on the record in my opinion. Having the melancholy bits of the love story be deep and a little mundane 
is accurate to the emotions. Looking back on similar periods of life, I tend to also blur memories and make them forgettable (probably to not return to the emotions I was feeling at the time).

Stand outs for me were definitely *Coming Up Roses* and *American Girls*. I was incredibly impressed at how well written the strings are in *Coming Up Roses*. 
So much so that I would ask why we haven't had more of them in other Harry ballads. It reminds me a bit of *Mia and Sebastien's Theme*, reminicent of 
a lullaby, day-dream of what this make believe romance. The naive hope of a honeymoon period. The bridge is one of the most evocative pieces of art 
I have experienced in a while. *American Girls* is more classic Harry Styles. A standard chord progression with small harmonies, good lyrics, and really tastefully produced synth. 
Extremely catchy and quite enjoyable on my second and third and fourth listens and maybe on my fifth or sixth that are coming up. As always, I wish there was more 
funk and groove in his albums. I think *Music for a Sushi Restaurant* off Harry's House and *Late Night Talking* off Fine Line are personally some of my favorite 
songs of his. I think he has more of that genre to give, but that is really his peroggative. Overally, a great piece of art that I can definitely listen to a hundred times. 



Title - 2AM Paradise Cafe - Barry Manilow
- 10/10
Oh Barry, why couldn't you do more jazz???? How dare you give us the best cafe jazz album ever only to never return to the genre?? Oh right, this is a review. This album has 
everything you could want in a jazz record. Mostly comprising of melancholic blues, it varies quite a bit on vibe of each song, which I think makes it quite replayable. 
Free-flowing (my biggest achilies heel) transitions between songs make this album sound like it was a single take, further highlighting the musicanship of the songs. Each 
song is a small vignet of someone you might find at a jazz bar at 2AM. They tend to deal with tragic love because who else is in a jazz bar at 2AM? 

Low points in the album for me are really only the variety. I think the album achieves everything it sets out to do, exceptionally well. But it does sometimes sound like 11 
blues songs in a row. Maybe slotting in some different styles would break this album up and make it much more replayable for many. For my taste, there is a lot of replayability because 
of two things. The first are the big, high energy moments of some ballads like *Say No More*. The second is the choice of keys and vibe switch to songs like *Blue*, which are for 
all purposes slow blues, it feels different than other tracks because it wanders in and out of major keys and plays the swing differently, sitting deep in the pocket while playing 
straight eighth piano riffs. 


Highlights are the two features (*Big City Blues featuring Mel Torme* and *Blue featuring Sarah Vaughan*) as well as *Say No More*. *Say No More* draws an incredible energy chart, 
waiting for its big moment and delivering stunning, emotional vocals. The features have distinct sounds, but the best part of both of the tracks for me is the harmony. Both 
trade verses 1 and 2 and harmonize the 3rd verse, which really juxtaposes the characters of the song. Sarah Vaughan and Barry Manilow harmonizing, almost as if they are saying the 
words to each other, is a great example. 


Title - The New Sound - Gordie Greep
- 10/10
This record is extremely. Extremely what? I still struggle to put it into words. It is chaotic, fun music theory that makes you do a double take every 32 bars. 
He tactfully tackles a lot of complex emotions and cultural stigma about the stereotypical hyper-masculine man. Whether it reaches that audience and whether they 
take in the message is another beast. Gordie talked a bit about the album straddling a line between listenable in the background and meant to be listened to as an activity. 
I personally think it veers on the side of actively listening to the album, otherwise you lose a lot of the musical intricacy.

The musicality of all the songs on this album is one thing that elevates this album for me. Groove switches in *Holy, Holy*, the obsurd riff at the beginning of *Blue*, and 
other incredible pieces of musicianship are tasteful and unique. Every time I listen, I hear something new. 